Use Number.p.toExponential for finite string values, Number for non-finite values (#86)
tc39/proposal-amount: README.md

* `value` (Number or BigInt or String): The numerical value of the amount.
  By default, the type of the value used in the constructor is retained.

  The value of an Amount constructed with precision options,
  or one that's the result of unit conversion,
  is always a numerical String if the value is finite,
  using the same exponential notation as produced by [Number.p.toExponential],

>   or a Number if the value is `Infinity`, `-Infinity`, or `NaN`.

Reviewer: As discussed, we also want to guarantee the exponential format for string values that were _not_ subject to precision options and/or unit conversion (e.g., `new Amount("42").value === "4.2e+1"`).
```suggestion
* `value` (Number or BigInt or String): The numerical value of the amount.
  The type of the value used in the constructor is retained, except that any
  non-finite value is a Number (`Infinity`, `-Infinity`, or `NaN`) and any
  value that was potentially affected by precision options and/or unit
  conversion is a String.

  A String `value` is always in the format returned by [Number.p.toExponential]
  (decimal exponential notation with an explicitly signed exponent and a
  significand that is either exactly 0 or has a positive absolute value less
  than 10) but not necessarily limited by the same bounds.
```

  When constructing an Amount from a String `value`,
  its mathematical value is parsed using [StringNumericLiteral](https://tc39.es/ecma262/#prod-StringNumericLiteral)
  or a RangeError is thrown.

>   The `value` property of a String-valued Amount is not necessarily equal to the `value` its constructor was called with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `value` property of a String-valued Amount is always normalized to decimal exponential notation as described above.
```
